
1) Why does this book not just use a commercial or open-source graphics library directly? (i.e. why did they make their own "wrappers" to the library?)
so they could streamline, customize, and make every function have the same parameter order
2) What are the header files needed to use our graphics interface library?
graph.h namespace Graph_lib
3) What classes define closed shapes?
Closed_polyline, Polygon, Rectangle, Circle, Ellipse
4) Why don't we just use Line for every shape?
because that would take longer to type and would look messier
5) What is the difference between the Line and Lines objects?
a Line draws and changes one line at a time, Lines can draw and change multiple lines at a time
6) What Properties can you set for every Shape?
set_color, set_line_style, set_fill_color
7) How many sides does a Closed_polyline difined by five points have?
5
8) which appears on top of the other: fill or outline?
outline
9) What do you see if you define a Shape but don't attach it to a Window?
nothing
10) How does a Rectangle differ from a Polygon with four Points?
the rectangle's opposite sides are congruent and parallel
11) How does a Polygon differ from a Closed Polygon?
a Polygon's lines cannot cross while a Closed_polyline's lines are allpwed to cross
12) Why didn't the book bother defining a Triangle class like they did for rectangle?
because a polygon with three points is less common and easier to form
13) How do you move a Shape to another place in a Window?
Shape.move(Point{x,y});
14) How do you label a Shape with a line of text?
place a text object at the point in the middle of the shape
15) What properties can you set for a text string in a Text object?
color, font, and size
16) What is a font?
how the text appears on the screen
17) What is Vector_ref and how do we use it?
a vector filled with unamed objects, by iterating through and naming it's objects
18) What is the difference between the Circle class and the Ellipse class?
the Circle is an ellipse with the x_axis and y_axis equivalent
19) What happens if you try to display an Image fiven a filename that doesn't refer to a file containing an image?
a box with an x inside will appear with an error message where the image belongs
20) How to you display part of an image?
image.mask(Point{x,y},length,width)
