1. Why is I/O so tricky for a programmer?
because you have to account for user error, invalid input, and different operating systems
2. What does the notation << hex do?
prints the numbers in hexidecimal form
3. What are hexidecimal numbers used for in computer science?
as a easier way of reading binary numbers
4. Name some of the options you may want to implement for formatting integer output?
a fixed number of decimal places, scientific, for numbers larger than 100,000, the base to be shown if using multiple bases
5. What is a manipulator?
a term that changes the result of a stream to a specialized format
6. What is the prefix for decimal? For octal? For hexidecimal?
dec, oct, hex
7. What is the default output format for floating -point values?
the best aproximation to six digits with 5-9 rounding up
8. What is a field?
the amount of space an integer takes up
9. Explain wat setprecision() and setw() do?
setprecision() sets the precision of a decimal number to a specified number of points
setw() sets the field width to  specified number of spaces
10. What is the purpose of file open modes?
to change how the file is used and not always erased when writing to
11. Which of the following manipulators does not 'stick': hex scientific, setprecision(), showbase, setw?
setw()
12. What is the difference between character I/O and binary I/O?
binary is more compact and more error prone
13. Give an example of when it would probably be benificial to use a binary file instead of a text file?
for a soundfile or photograph
14. Give two examples where stringstream can be useful.
to seperate I/O from processing, to filter undesireable charaacters out of input
15. What is a file position?
the space in the file where the program is reading or writing
16. What happens if you position a file position beyond the end of a file?
it depends on the system 
17. When would you prefer line-oriented input to type-specific input?
when a newline is different from whitespace
18. What does isalnum(c) do?
checks if the input is a letter or a decimal digit
